## DATA DICTIONARY

### Subject.Id
Identifier of the subjects in the study.

Integer values from 1-30

### Activity.Label
The type of activity that the measurement is taken for. Can be one of 6 values:
* WALKING
* WALKING UPSTAIRS
* WALKING DOWNSTAIRS
* SITTING
* STANDING
* LAYING

### Time.Body.Acc.Mean.X, Time.Body.Acc.Mean.Y, Time.Body.Acc.Mean.Z, Time.Body.Acc.Std.X, Time.Body.Acc.Std.Y, Time.Body.Acc.Std.Z
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the X, Y and Z axis of the Body Acceleration time domain signals for the Accelerometer,

### Time.Gravity.Acc.Mean.X
### Time.Gravity.Acc.Mean.Y
### Time.Gravity.Acc.Mean.Z
### Time.Gravity.Acc.Std.X
### Time.Gravity.Acc.Std.Y
### Time.Gravity.Acc.Std.Z
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the X, Y and Z axis of the Gravity Acceleration time domain signals for the Accelerometer.

### Time.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mean.X
### Time.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mean.Y
### Time.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mean.Z
### Time.Body.Acc.Jerk.Std.X
### Time.Body.Acc.Jerk.Std.Y
### Time.Body.Acc.Jerk.Std.Z
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the X, Y and Z axis of the Body Acceleration Jerk time domain signals for the Accelerometer, derived from the body linear acceleration and angular velocity.

### Time.Body.Gyro.Mean.X
### Time.Body.Gyro.Mean.Y
### Time.Body.Gyro.Mean.Z
### Time.Body.Gyro.Std.X
### Time.Body.Gyro.Std.Y
### Time.Body.Gyro.Std.Z
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the X, Y and Z axis of the Body Acceleration time domain signals for the Gyroscope.

### Time.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Mean.X
### Time.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Mean.Y
### Time.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Mean.Z
### Time.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Std.X
### Time.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Std.Y
### Time.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Std.Z
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the X, Y and Z axis of the Body Acceleration Jerk time domain signals for the Gyroscope, derived from the body linear acceleration and angular velocity.

### Time.Body.Acc.Mag.Mean
### Time.Body.Acc.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Body Acceleration time domain signals for the Accelerometer.

### Time.Gravity.Acc.Mag.Mean
### Time.Gravity.Acc.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Gravity Acceleration time domain signals for the Accelerometer.

### Time.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mag.Mean
### Time.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Body Acceleration Jerk time domain signals for the Accelerometer, derived from the body linear acceleration and angular velocity.

### Time.Body.Gyro.Mag.Mean
### Time.Body.Gyro.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Body Acceleration Jerk time domain signals for the Gyroscope.

### Time.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Mag.Mean
### Time.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Body Acceleration Jerk time domain signals for the Gyroscope, derived from the body linear acceleration and angular velocity.

### Freq.Body.Acc.Mean.X
### Freq.Body.Acc.Mean.Y
### Freq.Body.Acc.Mean.Z
### Freq.Body.Acc.Std.X
### Freq.Body.Acc.Std.Y
### Freq.Body.Acc.Std.Z
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the 
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the X, Y and Z axis of the Body Acceleration frequency domain signals for the Accelerometer, generated by applying a Fast Fourier Transform to the time domain signals.

### Freq.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mean.X
### Freq.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mean.Y
### Freq.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mean.Z
### Freq.Body.Acc.Jerk.Std.X
### Freq.Body.Acc.Jerk.Std.Y
### Freq.Body.Acc.Jerk.Std.Z
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the X, Y and Z axis of the Body Acceleration Jerk frequency domain signals for the Accelerometer, generated by applying a Fast Fourier Transform to the time domain signals.

### Freq.Body.Gyro.Mean.X
### Freq.Body.Gyro.Mean.Y
### Freq.Body.Gyro.Mean.Z
### Freq.Body.Gyro.Std.X
### Freq.Body.Gyro.Std.Y
### Freq.Body.Gyro.Std.Z
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the X, Y and Z axis of the Body Acceleration frequency domain signals for the Gyroscope, generated by applying a Fast Fourier Transform to the time domain signals.

### Freq.Body.Acc.Mag.Mean
### Freq.Body.Acc.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Body Acceleration frequency domain signals for the Accelerometer, generated by applying a Fast Fourier Transform to the time domain signals.

### Freq.Body.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mag.Mean
### Freq.Body.Body.Acc.Jerk.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Body Acceleration Jerk frequency domain signals for the Accelerometer, generated by applying a Fast Fourier Transform to the time domain signals.

### Freq.Body.Body.Gyro.Mag.Mean
### Freq.Body.Body.Gyro.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Body Acceleration frequency domain signals for the Gyroscope, generated by applying a Fast Fourier Transform to the time domain signals.

### Freq.Body.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Mag.Mean
### Freq.Body.Body.Gyro.Jerk.Mag.Std
The Mean and Standard Deviation for the magnitude of the Body Acceleration Jerk frequency domain signals for the Gyroscope, generated by applying a Fast Fourier Transform to the time domain signals.

